public static void main(string[] args)
	public : This means you can call this from outside the class you are currently in. This is needed since the method is being called by the java runtime system which is not in the current class
	static : this is an access modifier so that the class name can be called without the need to make an object. (when the java program is loaded space in memory is already allocated)
	void : a return type, main will not return anything
	main : it is a method or function name 
	string[] args : it is an argument that will allow the collection of variables from the cmd line as strings
	ref : https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11952804/explanation-of-string-args-and-static-in-public-static-void-mainstring-a

Pacakges: in java packages are a method to encapsulate classes, sub packages, and interfaces. This done to:  
		i.  prevent naming conflicts (two classes with the same name in two packages)
		ii. make searching and usage of classes,interfaces, enumerations, and annotations easier
		iii.provide controlled access, protected and default. A protected member is accessible only within the same package or subclass(inherits, extends)
			a default member is accessible only by the same package
Access modifiers:
	public :    Has the widest scope and will be accessible from anywhere (care!)
	private:    methods or data members will only be accessible from inside the class where they are declared. 
	protected:  methods or data members will only be accessible from same package or a subclass
	no modifer: (default) only within the same package

Non access modifiers: 
	static:      The static keyword is used to create variables/methods that will exist independently of any instances created for the class. They are known as class variables. 
	final:       can only be explicitly initialized once. can never be reassigned to refer to another object , but the data within the object can be modified  
	abstract:    can never be instantiated, but can be extended. (cannot be abstract and final)
	synchronized:used to indicate that a method can only can only be accessed by only one thread at a time 